Some fixes to mirror documentation (#6938) (#7075)
DataBiosphere/azul: docs/mirror.rst

+++++++++++++++++

Info objects contain JSON further describing a file. The key of an info object
is ``info/${digest_value}.${digest_type}.json`` where ``digest_value`` is the

> hexadecimal form of the hash of the corresponding file object's content and

Reviewer: The paragraph describing file and info objects define `digest_value` as "the hexadecimal form of **the** hash" whereas the paragraph on alias objects says "the hexadecimal form of **a** hash". I prefer the latter form, but either way they ought to be consistent.

3. File retrieval procedure
===========================

A file can be retrieved from the mirror using the S3 REST API, given a certain
digest, i.e., content hash of the file. There is only a limited set of digest
types through which a file is accessible in the mirror: at most it will be
``sha256``, ``sha1`` and ``md5``, but at least one of those. One of these digest
types, the *primary* one, is used in the key of the file object, and there may
or may not be alias objects for the other two.

Digests of a file can be looked up in the Azul REST API, using the file's name
or a combination of other metadata properties associated with the file. The Azul
response indicates a file's primary type of digest. If the mirror doesn't

> contain a file object for the primary digest returned by Azul, it won 't contain

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
contain a file object for the primary digest returned by Azul, it won't contain
```
